KOGITO-5569 Upgrade Infinispan (#3830)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/release-notes/chap-kogito-release-notes.adoc

=== {PRODUCT} supporting services

> ==== {PRODUCT} Data Index service minimum recommended version of Infinispan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== {PRODUCT} Data Index service recommends upgraded version of Infinispan
```

Author: done

> Starting form this release, we recommend users using Infinispan persistence, to upgrade to Infinispan version 12.1.7 or greater in order to prevent issues regarding results returned in paginated queries. Visit https://issues.redhat.com/browse/KOGITO-5569[KOGITO-5569] for more details. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from {PRODUCT} 1.10.0, you must upgrade the Infinispan version to 12.1.7 or later to prevent the issues regarding results returned in paginated queries. 
```

Author: done

Author: @hmanwani-rh its actually 1.11
